Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[RATTLING]
[MUFFLED CONVERSATION]
[STONE SCRAPING]
- [BABY CRYING]
- [MUFFLED PANICKED SPEECH]
[RUMBLING]
- [POUNDING AND SCRAPING]
- [GLASS SHATTERS]
[SOUNDS GROW LOUDER]
- [CRASHING]
- [SCREAMS]
[WIND CHIMES TINKLING]
Well. the house is a dump.
but what an amazing view.
Oh.
Well. we won't need that.
No. we're not on the grid.
There's a generator.
Okay.
Anything?
No.
[FLY BUZZING]
- [BIRDS CHIRPING]
- Oh...
Oh. you poor things.
There you go.
They left plenty of fuel
for the generator.
Good.
You were right. Scott.
this place is incredible.
[CHUCKLES] Yeah.
I... I don't feel anything.
[GENERATOR SPUTTERING]
[GRUMBLES]
[GENERATOR STARTS]
Perfect.
[DEVICE CRACKLING]
Liam.
- Liam!
- What?
You're going to have to rig up
some sort of kill switch for the generator.
Why?
I'm picking up its magnetic field.
Yeah. all right.
Just let me finish this first.
Yeah. okay.
It's not like you couldn't do it.
[FAINT RUMBLING AND CREAKING]
Good move on taking the table. Scott.
You know how I love to eat standing up.
What are you complaining about?
These flight cases make
a perfectly good dining table.
[CHUCKLES] Spot the bachelor.
Yeah. well. at least now
we have a proper control center.
I'm sick and tired of working
hunched up over a coffee table.
You not eating those?
Uh. no.
So it was around dinner time
that they took off. right?
Yeah. Left all their stuff.
Didn't even pack anything for the baby.
Well. of course they didn't.
They probably figured it would
make their claim more credible.
What?
Look. Holly. in my experience most of
these situations turn out to be benign.
It's either noisy pipes. house subsidence.
forgetting to take medication.
Yeah!
Yeah. well some people
like to keep an open mind.
Oh. I have an open mind.
As long as it's scientific data
we're collecting.
Hey. Holly. wanna come
and see something really cool?
Yeah. all right.
Our sensors captured this
at our last investigation.
[FAINT THUMP]
All right. Scott.
How does your science explain that one?
I don't know.
LIAM: Under the bridge...
around the lake...
Between the rocks... through the woods...
Up... Spook... Hill...
[GIGGLES]
Boo!
[ALL LAUGHING]
Down Spook Hill.
Through the woods. between the rocks.
around the lake.
under the bridge. over the wall.
up the tree...
- [WIND BLOWING]
- [FAINT JINGLING]
[WIND CHIMES TINKLING]
- Okay. so have fun. I guess?
- Okay.
Don't forget to eat and sleep. Okay?
- Good night.
- Good night to you too. darling.
Give them a kiss for me.
I'll ring you in the morning. okay?
- Okay. bye.
- Bye-bye.
[GENERATOR RUNNING]
[GENERATOR SHUTS OFF]
[WIND CHIMES TINKLING]
[WATER DRIPPING]
[FAINT RUMBLE]
[RUMBLE GROWS LOUDER]
- [LATCH OPENS]
- [DOOR CREAKS]
[SLOW THUMPING]
[THUMPING CONTINUES]
[BIRDSONG]
- Morning. Holly.
- Mm.
Do you want to come and have look at this?
Something tripped our motion camera
in the hallway at 3 AM this morning.
What do you think?
I don't know.
Weird.
Just here.
Yeah. there's a small gap...
I can feel the air on my face.
- Nothing. There's nothing.
- It's right there!
The camera wouldn't trace a breeze
or a temperature change.
It won't even react unless something passes
through all three beams on the sensor.
It's here. It's here.
Right in front of you.
I've got it. I've got it.
Keep your pants on.
- SCOTT: Are you recording?
- LIAM: Yeah. recording now.
ID. okay. so this is the front bedroom...
I'm Liam Andrews. here
with Holly Matthews and Scott Cameron.
Okay. Holly.
Is there anybody else here with us?
If there is anybody else here with us.
can you give us a sign?
I'm not getting anything from this room.
Should we have a look at another one?
Yeah. sure.
Is there anyone else here with us?
If there is anyone else here.
you don't have to fear us.
We just want to understand you.
[FAINT CREAK]
It doesn't matter. Early days.
- Liam.
- Yeah?
What's the formula for particle
displacement in a standing wave?
It's equal to 1 over acoustic impedance.
depending on the para...
I can't remember.
Just Google particle displacement.
Oh yes. thank you.
What are you nerds talking about?
Scott's latest obsession.
It is not an obsession. it's a theory!
What kind of theory?
If spirit entities exist. Holly.
they have to be made of matter.
Otherwise you couldn't see them.
Now. we know that low frequency
sound waves can displace matter.
so theoretically.
by using infrasound waves
we could break down
their particle structure.
Right. Sorry I asked.
Scott wants to be a ghostbuster.
They were trapping them. which is absurd.
You'd have more luck
trapping helium in a bird cage.
[GENERATOR RUNNING]
[GENERATOR SHUTS OFF]
[BELL JINGLING]
[CREAKING]
HOLLY: If there is anyone else here.
you don't have to fear us.
[FAINT RUSTLE]
[LOUDER RUSTLE]
[DISTINCT RUSTLING AND TAPPING]
[LOUD THUD]
Everyone okay?
- 3 AM.
- On the minute.
Yeah.
Something feels different.
Did you leave the door open?
No. I didn't.
[THUMP]
Anything?
No.
[THUMP]
[LOW RUMBLE]
No. so far there's nothing that
can't be put down to other causes.
noisy floorboards. a gust of wind.
but as I told you.
I couldn't swear
to being 100 percent sure.
Well. I just feel another couple of days
and we could get you something
definite one way or the other.
Fantastic! Thank you.
Yeah. we'll talk soon.
The insurance company's happy for us
to stay on another couple of days.
No seismic action last night.
I've got the seismology report
right here if you want to look at it.
Must've been the wind then.
Yeah. when was the last time
wind shook a house like that?
Last night.
- Are you all right?
- Yeah.
- Are you sure?
- I said I'm fine.
- 3 AM. just like last night.
- Hmm.
LIAM: We know the hallway's airtight.
so there aren't any drafts
or anything like that
that can mess with the cameras.
Well. we'll keep documenting everything.
Let's keep an open mind.
Remember. we're only interested in facts.
Holly! Oh. sorry. There you are.
I'd like you to take some stills.
Concentrate on the area
around the front door and the hallway.
You can double-check the cameras.
Have a look at the sensitivity settings.
I want to rule out
any possibility of error.
I'll make another pass
with the thermal imager.
Aye aye. Captain.
Anything?
No.
[LAUGHTER]
- I have to say. when the wind...
- Yeah. yeah...
...hit the side of the house last night
it scared the hell out of me.
I had to question what I'm doing here.
Well. you're here for the science...
and the adventure.
It's certainly not for the money.
[CHUCKLES]
I suppose sensing stuff like this
all the time you'd be used to it.
No. Not really.
It still scares me.
So you decided to go
and stay in a haunted house?
Well. it's kinda different. It's like...
someone who's...
I don't know. afraid of flying
and they get on a plane...
so it's like they're facing their fears.
How's that working out for you?
Hopefully we'll see.
[PHONE LOCKS]
[PHONE VIBRATING. ALARM SOUNDING]
[SCOTT GRUMBLING]
SCOTT: I'll put the coffee on.
[ALARM SHUTS OFF]
I don't know how you
can drink coffee at this hour.
It'd keep me awake all night.
You're always so sprightly. Liam.
It's not natural.
[LIAM CHUCKLES]
It's nearly time.
[DEVICE CRACKLING]
- Generator.
- [SIGHS]
[CRACKLING FADES]
That's good.
3 AM.
[LOUD CRASH]
- [LATCH CLICKS]
- [DOOR CREAKS]
[DEVICE CRACKLING]
Holly?
There's a man...
You can see someone?
Yeah.
- Where?
- He's...
He's standing right in front of me.
[GUST OF WIND]
He's by the door.
[GASPS]
What is it?
He's looked straight at me.
He's in the hallway.
I'm still getting a reading.
but it's very low.
No. no. there's nothing now.
That was awesome!
Now it's gone.
No. something feels different.
I'm not getting a reading.
No. the air feels different.
How does the air feel different?
Don't talk to me like I'm a child. Scott.
I'm not talking to you like anything.
Holly. you can't just
throw out vague observations
about how the air feels
and expect me to do cartwheels.
What we need is facts.
[DOOR SLAMS]
Good one.
What did I say?
Could still just be the wind.
You're kidding us. right?
You've never seen a door
get opened by the wind before?
Does nothing I say mean anything to you?
I just saw this giant of a man smash
his way through the house last night.
If you don't believe me then why
are you still paying me to be here?
I believe what you guys believe.
I was there.
But we can't show this to anyone.
All we've got is a door opening
and a light swinging.
Those cameras reacted to something.
Something moved in front of those sensors.
Yeah. but so what?
Look. I'm sorry. but I have
to play devil's advocate here.
Nothing we've captured
actually proves anything.
Yeah. but what do you expect?
You think ghosts are just going to come up
to the camera and give us a little wave?
That'd help.
No. I'm serious.
I would love to capture
something conclusive
to prove the existence of the paranormal.
Yeah. well...
just be careful what you wish for.
So what now?
We just keep documenting everything.
What?
No. we can't stay here.
we can't just keep documenting!
This entity doesn't want us to be here.
It can't hurt us.
I have never come
across a scientifically plausible
case of anyone being harmed by...
one of these things.
Scaring us is the worst it can do.
It's like a roller coaster.
Sure. it scares you.
but that's the thrill of it.
And isn't that one of the reasons
why we choose to do this?
Well. I don't like roller coasters.
Is there anybody here with us?
If there's anybody here with us
can you give us a sign?
Repeat after me.
[TAPS WALL]
[DEVICE CRACKLES FAINTLY]
[THUMPS WALL]
[HOUSE CREAKS]
What? What is it?
Are you getting that?
What's wrong?
[SHUDDERS]
The temperature dropped... it's...
It's freezing...
- You're not cold?
- No.
It's getting colder.
Are you reading anything on that?
No. Not a flicker.
Who are you?
Tell me your name.
What's wrong. Holly?
We don't want to cause you any harm.
We just want to know who you are.
God.
Do you see that?
What?
It's a mist.
It's like a shadow.
- Can I have some of this?
- Yeah. sure.
There's the same feeling in here...
it's cold... it's...
it's sad...
Are you sure that thing is working?
I put a fresh battery in this morning.
God.
It's really hard to breathe...
it's like a...
a gloom...
it's heavy on my lungs.
Is anybody here?
[DEVICE CRACKLING LOUDLY]
[TAPS WALL]
It's so weird.
[DEVICE CRACKLING]
I don't know how to explain it but it's...
It's like the feeling
stops at the doorway.
[DEVICE STOPS CRACKLING]
[DEVICE STARTS CRACKLING]
No. there's a definite line here
and it just...
It just stops.
[LOUD THUMPS]
Do it again.
- Did you get that?
- Yeah.
Do it again.
[DOOR SLAMS LOUDLY]
Oh-ho-ho!
Oh. God.
This thing can clearly interact
with its physical environment.
Clearly.
Tonight I want to fog the hallway.
Let's see if we can get a visual of it.
- [RAIN POURING]
- [THUNDER CRASHING]
[FOG HISSING]
Almost time.
[LATCH CLICKS]
[THUNDER CRASHES]
Get anything?
It's gone.
What's going on?
- [LATCH CLICKS]
- [DOOR CREAKS OPEN]
[SLOW FOOTSTEPS]
[FOOTSTEPS STOP]
[FOOTSTEPS CONTINUE]
[RATTLING]
[HOLLY SCREAMS]
[HOLLY GASPING]
What's wrong?
- What happened?
- I don't know.
Holly. what is it?
He's right... he's right in front of me.
He's right in front of me.
I can't move.
Holly...
Take my hand.
Come on. Take my hand.
[THUMPING]
- [CRASHING]
- [HOLLY SCREAMS]
[DOOR SLAMS]
Listen.
- [LOW RUMBLE]
- [LEAVES RUSTLING]
Well. we definitely
got something last night.
Whatever it was
smashed one of our cameras.
Yes. well. that's the next step...
Yes. I understand that.
Look. I'm sure we can do it.
Okay.
You can't say this was broken by the wind.
[LOUD THUMP]
See anything. Holly?
No.
This thing doesn't want us here.
I say we get the hell out of here.
Pack up and get the hell out.
He's right. it doesn't want us here
and this thing is dangerous.
Can we please just go?
But this is exactly
what we've been searching for.
Why would I want to leave the minute
we actually find something?
Is this about our assignment
or your experiment?
Oh. come on. Liam. You can't just leave.
It's my truck. I go. we all go.
Not me.
One more night. That's all I'm asking.
Look at what we've got here. Liam.
No one's ever documented
anything like this before.
This thing hasn't hurt any of us.
It's frightening. sure. but being
frightened won't kill you. right?
It broke a wall trying to get at Holly.
Yeah. but it didn't harm her though.
did it. Holly?
No.
We should go.
Well. he's right about this room.
Yeah. yeah. the ghost can't
come in here. whatever.
[WIND HOWLING]
[DOOR RATTLES]
Screw this.
You couldn't sleep?
I'm just making hot chocolate.
you want one?
Yeah. yeah. thanks.
I'm surprised you can still sleep.
I've always liked the wind.
I find it very relaxing.
- That's not what I meant.
- Careful. that's hot.
- Do you want some?
- No. thanks.
[GLASS RATTLING]
Huh.
What's the coefficient
of restitution for glass?
- Holly. come away from there...
- [WINDOWS CREAK]
What's happening?
[SHATTERS]
[LOUD THUMPS]
[THUMPING]
- [THUMPING]
- [HOLLY SCREAMS]
[GLASS SHATTERS]
He's in front of me.
What do you want from us?
We're not here to harm you.
Just tell us what you want.
[SCREAMS]
- This way!
- Go back!
This way!
[THUMPING]
[POUNDING AT DOOR]
It won't come in here.
- SCOTT: Oh. no...
- [POUNDING SUBSIDES]
This is not good. Not good.
[THUMPING AND CRASHING]
[LOUD THUDS]
Hold still.
- Ah!
- Sorry!
Ow.
I'm going to be getting glass
out of my hair for days.
What is it about this room
that stops it from coming in here?
We're all in agreement now.
though. right? It's time to go.
I don't care if the client
believes any of this or not.
Whatever's here doesn't want us around
and quite frankly I'm okay with that.
So we've got enough recorded. yeah?
- Scott?
- Yeah. yeah. we're good.
So... pack up and leave?
I want to try and get rid of it.
- What?
- Really?
You want me to do a cleansing?
No. we're going to do this properly.
scientifically.
Using sound displacement.
Oh forget it.
We've got to get out of here. Scott.
What kind of ghost hunters are we if we
run the minute we find our first ghost?
This is exactly what we want.
This is our chance to do
what no one else has ever done.
If we want to get rid of it
we've got to do it properly.
It will be done properly!
You know what I mean.
Come on. I know how to do it...
People have been performing this
for hundreds of years.
My equipment's in your car.
So is mine.
All right.
[LOW RUMBLE]
[SCREAMS]
[THUMPING]
What happened?
[MUFFLED THUD]
[LOUD THUMPING]
[POUNDING AT DOOR]
[POUNDING SUBSIDES]
So what are you going to do
when that doesn't work?
This little beauty produces the deepest
bass signal that money can buy.
I have more faith in this working
than I have in your witchcraft.
You're just going
to irritate it even more.
So what?
Oh. come on. you've gotta be kidding!
The generator's out of gas.
So you'll refuel the generator
and I'll set this up.
Jesus. Okay. here we go.
Yes!
- [WIND HOWLING]
- [DOORS SLAMMING]
- He's in front of you!
- Whoa!
[LOUD CRASH]
What's happening?
I think it's working.
Scott!
Liam!
[GENERATOR SPUTTERING]
Scott! We need to leave now!
[WOOD GRINDING]
[LOUD CRASH]
[GENERATOR STARTS UP]
- [WIND HOWLING]
- [LIAM SHOUTS]
Wait!
Wait for it!
[FALLING BASS TONE]
- [TONE GROWS LOUDER]
- [OBJECTS RATTLING]
[TONE ENDS]
What do you think. Holly?
I think it's gone.
SCOTT: Uh-huh... Oh. absolutely.
Clean as a whistle.
[LAUGHS]
I would not go so far
as to say it's been easy.
They're dying to take
a look at the footage.
Good.
Well. Holly. we did it.
Cold.
That's weird.
Scott!
Holly. we should get some photographs.
Yeah.
Well. I guess we should go down there.
I'll go.
Scott?
Scott!
Scott? Are you all right?
SCOTT: There's a room down here.
What was that?
Come on down.
- [GRUNTING]
- [DOOR CREAKING OPEN]
What the hell is this?
They look like scratch marks.
[CLAPS] Totally dead.
- [DEVICE CRACKLING]
- Whoa!
This thing's going crazy.
Something's down here with us.
There.
I... I've gotta get out of here.
Holly?
I can't breathe.
I've got to get out of here.
Come on. let's go.
Liam!
He left her to die down there.
That tall man. he just...
left her to die.
[KNOCK AT DOOR]
Hi. I'm Holly. Come on in.
[POLICE RADIO CHATTER]
- It's the room at the end.
- Down this way. is it?
Yup.
SCOTT: And after we got rid of the entity.
Liam noticed a cold spot
on the wall there.
So I went and I uncovered this.
There's all sorts of
scratch marks on the door.
It looks like she was
locked in down there.
So what happens now?
[COUGHING]
- The body's not there.
- What?
- What do you mean it's not there?
- It's gone.
So. you all went down into the basement
and that's where you
thought you saw the woman?
We did see a woman.
Has anybody been down there since?
We all saw her. she was mummified.
And sitting in a chair?
[LOUD CRASH]
Are you okay. Holly?
Holly!
[GASPING]
No... we've made a mistake.
The spirit we. we got rid of it
but it was trying to protect us.
and that's why it didn't want us here.
What do you mean. protect us?
Protect us from what?
From her.
[CHOKING]
[ SCREAMS]
[GRUNTS]
Go!
[SCREAMING]
- Liam!
- Holly!
[HOLLY SCREAMING]
Liam! Help!
I can't! I can't!
I've got you! I've got you! Come on!
Come on! Come on. Holly!
[BOTH SCREAM]
[SCREAMING]
[INHUMAN SHRIEK]
- [LOW RUMBLE]
- [EERIE WHOOSHING]
[SOBBING]
[DOORS SLAMMING]
Help! Help! Help!
[SCREAMING]
Help!
[FAINT RUSTLING AND SCRAPING]
[CHAINS RATTLING]
[INHUMAN GROWL]
[CHAINS RATTLE]
[CHAINS RATTLING]
- [CHAINS RATTLE]
- [INHUMAN GROWL]
[SCREAMS]
[CHOKING]
[SCREAMING]
[SHRIEKS]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-